What do they all agree on?
They don't agree on the number of civil servants:
One wants 100,000, another wants 300,000.
They don't agree on the gifts to give to the employers:
One wants 35 billion, another wants only 17 billion.
On the pension age neither:
One wants to make you work until you're 64
another until you're 70.
Anyways you understand: there's debate...
And the debate must be enriched
But there's an issue on which they all agree
We must eliminate the ISF [Impôt sur la Fortune],
the Wealth Tax.
Because if there's one thing you should understand, it's that
there's something that plummets the French economy
wears down on the spirits of the producers,
cuts down our love for life,
it's the ISF.
They all agree.
You're applauding - you know nothing of the economy
Because, I will explain,
if the plate of the wealthy is so full that it's too full,
it's going to spill over.
And that's called "trickle-down".
No really, it's in economy textbooks.
It's going to spill over into your plate.
So if you permit the wealthy to get even more wealthy,
it's going to trickle down, one day or another, into your plate
Why don't you believe it?
They are intelligent people
Darn, they're the ones who did the studies, not you!
Please, pull yourself together.
You know what, I wonder how many people there are from the right-wing,
because frankly, it's not because they're from the right
that they pay the ISF.
There are people who pay the ISF and who are leftist.
No, but it's entirely possible - the conscience
depends on a lot of things.
How many people does it concern, this topic
that they are so fascinated by?
That they are trying to fix at all costs?
Who are they addressing themselves to?
How many electors did they have last time?
A little over 20 million
Who are they addressing themselves to, how many people?
342,000
All this hot air, commotion, and attitude
It's for 1.7% of taxpayers
1.7%
They deserve as their score: 1.7%
Those who pay the ISF, vote for them